# Neural Networks : Sales Predictive Model
To improve profits, organizations spend money advertising products and services. The channels they choose to advertise on can range from digital media to newspapers. One typical use case organizations encounter is how to optimally allocate budgets across marketing channels and measure the true contribution of each channel or campaign. They also need to predict or forecast sales given historical data from each channel or campaign. The dataset is composed of historical marketing channel data that can be leveraged to gain insights for spend allocation and to predict sales. The use case is a simple linear regression problem with just five variables. You have been asked to build this sales predictive model, and recall that neural networks are excellent for finding patterns and datasets. So for your simple neural network, you will build, train, and evaluate a prediction model for sales using the Keras sequential model.

In this model, we feed the advertising budgets of digital, TV, newspaper, and radio to the model, and the model will predict sales. The advertising dataset captures the sales revenue generated from advertising in thousands of units for a particular product advertising budget in thousands of dollars for digital, TV, radio, and newspaper media.

Using this data, you will be able to create a foundational marketing plan to discuss with your team. The dataset is based on data taken from an introduction to statistical learning with applications in R. However, for this course, the dataset has been updated to include a digital feature variable and modified to reflect the impact of this additional variable on sales. The number of markets has been increased from 200 to 1,200. Thus, the data consists of the advertising budgets for four media channels, digital, TV, radio, and newspapers, and the overall sales in 1,200 different markets. The goal is to produce a model that represents the best fit to some observed data according to an evaluation criterion. While Keras will do all of the heavy lifting for you, as a point of reference, the objective is to use multiple linear regression to assess the impact of advertisement on sales. Regression is a supervised machine learning process. It is similar to classification, but rather than predicting a label, you try to predict a continuous value. Linear regression defines the relationship between a target variable, Y, and a set of predictive features, X. Simply stated, if you need to predict a number, then use regression. We will evaluate the performance of the model using root mean squared error, or RMSE, a commonly used metric for regression problems. It is the loss parameter you will use for your Keras sequential model. RMSE is a metric that tells you the average distance between the predicted values from the model, the line on the graph, and the actual values in the dataset. The lower the RMSE, the better a given model is able to fit a dataset.
